SimpleImage 1.6 Tips¥To get the best performance during slide shows (especially when the transition effect is enabled), before starting the slide show make sure the "Always rebuild bitmaps" option is turned on and all the images are in snap-to-window view or fit entirely on the screen.¥You can add a soundtrack to a slide show. Open a sound-only movie together with the images and movies you want to appear in the slide show, and SimpleImage will automatically play the soundtrack movie while running the slide show. (This only works if the soundtrack movie has no video, and there are no other movies with sound in the slide show.)¥Hit the tab key to hide/show the slide show control palette.¥Cycle through slide show windows by hitting left/right arrow (or shuffle randomly through the windows, if the Random option is selected).¥Increase/decrease the slide show rate by hitting up/down arrow.¥You can apply contextual menu commands to background windows without causing them to come to the front.¥Command-click the title of a window to see the location of the file associated with it.¥Command-control click the title of a window to see the location of the Snapshot file, if any, associated with it.¥Hold down the option key while selecting an item in a window's title bar popup menu to hide SimpleImage while switching to the Finder. Similarly, hold down the option key while selecting "Reveal In Finder" to hide SimpleImage.¥In the Open Snapshot dialog box, the disk name is italicized if the disk is not currently mounted. The file name is italicized if the disk is mounted but the file can't be found.¥If you create a Snapshot and then move some of the files it points to to another disk, you can update it by inserting the disk that now holds the files, opening the Snapshot and letting SimpleImage search for the moved files (searching can take a while). After the files have been found and opened, you should re-save the Snapshot so you won't have to search for the same items again the next time you open it.¥Hold down the shift or option key while choosing Full Screen to quickly change the mode of all open windows.¥Click the dead area around an image or movie in full-screen mode to see its contextual menu.¥You can make the menu bar appear temporarily in a full-screen window by clicking in the area at the top of the screen where the menu bar usually is.¥SimpleImage displays slide shows on the monitor selected in the "Open on" preference in the View pane.¥You can add items to a slide show in progress.¥You can resize and transform images and movies while a slide show is in progress.¥Slide shows can run in the background.¥You can remove a window from a slide show by closing it.