Changes in 1.6 (27 OCT 98)¥Snapshots can now be saved with previews of the items they contain.¥SimpleImage is now Mac OS 8.5 savvy.¥The "Open Snapshot" and "Reopen All" dialog boxes now show the items' icons and labels.¥Fixed two bugs which prevented SimpleImage from playing well with Mac OS 8.0 (but didn't effect 8.1 or later): contextual menus now work correctly, and the Snapshot pane of the Preferences dialog box no longer causes SimpleImage to quit with an error. (Oops!)¥Better support for System 7, including contextual menu support and support for the path popup menu in windows' title bars.¥You can now optionally have SimpleImage visually slide between the items in a slide show.¥You can now choose whether to display the contents of a Snapshot as a slide show or not when opening it.¥Fixed a bug which caused strange behavior when opening a slide show Snapshot with only one item selected.¥Snapshot files created on Power Macs now open correctly on 68k Macs and vice-versa.¥The Transform commands no longer appear in the contextual menus when QuickTime 3 isn't installed.¥Fixed a potential crashing bug when ending slide shows by clicking in the "End Slide Show" button on the slide show control palette.¥The self-cleaning Reopen menu is now cleanlier -- it's now more reliable at removing items whose original files are missing.¥Movies now retain their playback settings (loop, play selection only, etc.) when switched into and out of full screen view.¥Copying image selections is now more reliable.¥Slide shows are now much smarter about handling movies:¥You can now choose to have SimpleImage play a movie in its entirety before moving to the next slide show item¥Pausing a slide show now pauses the frontmost movie and/or the slide show's soundtrack movie.¥You can now display the movie controller in slide show movies. (They're hidden by default.)¥You can now choose the background color used in full-screen view.¥The movie background playback options now now also control whether a slide show continues to play in the background or not.¥Fixed two memory leaks, one serious and one not so serious.¥Fixed a bug which caused movies to lose their sound when in a slide show. (D'oh!)¥Hitting Return or Enter to dismiss the Preferences dialog box now works correctly. (Double d'oh!)Changes in 1.5.2 (21 SEP 98)¥An "Open Snapshot"-like dialog box now appears when you choose "Reopen All...," letting you choose which files to reopen.¥Navigation Services dialog boxes are now used for saving Snapshots and choosing a default folder for saving Snapshots.¥You can now prevent SimpleImage from showing the menubar when clicking in the menubar region of a full-screen image or movie by holding down the option key while clicking.¥Fixed a bug which could cause a crash on 68k Macs when choosing "Make Snapshot..."¥Fixed a bug which occasionally caused images to fail to update properly when the "Always rebuild bitmaps" option was turned off.¥Turning off the "Always rebuild bitmaps" option now works correctly with QuickTime 2.5.¥Fixed a bug when switching into and out of full screen view that could cause the content of a window to overwrite the menubar, or the frame of a window to fail to be drawn correctly.¥Fixed a bug that could cause the title bars of zoomed windows to be obscured by the menu bar.¥When the root directory of a volume is selected as the default folder for saving Snapshots, it now shows up correctly in the preferences dialog.¥The items in the Window menu are now correctly updated when toggling the "Show window duplicate number" option.¥Fixed a memory leak.Changes in 1.5.1 (14  SEP 98)¥Fixed several bugs related to printing, one of which could cause a crash.¥Fixed an incompatibility with 68k Macs.¥Fixed a bug which caused selections in zoomed scroll-bar view windows to fail to be properly transformed when the image was transformed.¥Fixed a bug in the preferences dialog box under System 7.Changes in 1.5 (10 SEP 98)¥You can now create Snapshots Ñ small files you can double-click to reopen groups of windows exactly the way you left them.¥You can view images and movies full-screen.¥You can view images and movies in a slide show.¥You can now change the zoom level of images in scroll-bar view.¥A popup menu now appears in the lower left-hand corner of scroll-bar view windows to let you quickly jump to a specific zoom level.¥Contextual menu support has been improved, and you can now apply contextual menu commands to background windows without causing them to come to the front.¥You can command-click a window's title bar to see a popup menu showing the location of the file. (Mac OS 8 only)¥SimpleImage now gives you greater control over how it handles movies -- whether all movies should play sound, or just the front movie, whether movies should play sound in the background, and how much time movies should be given when in the background.¥You can now choose whether or not SimpleImage flattens a movie when it is saved and whether or not it adds a copy of the movie to the file's data fork.¥You can export movies.¥SimpleImage now supports QuickTime VR movies.¥Support for animated GIFs has been improved.¥You can now have SimpleImage print a file's path.¥You can zoom a window to its maximum size by option-clicking the zoom box. (v1.0.2 incorrectly required a shift-click, since in the heat of the moment I misremembered what key the Finder uses to do this.)¥Opening and closing several files at once can now be cancelled (by hitting Escape or Command-.) and is now much faster, especially when the files are on a slow removable disk.¥You can now choose how SimpleImage handles offscreen bitmaps.¥The Reopen menu is now "self-cleaning" -- it periodically checks to see if it contains items whose original files have been deleted, and if so, removes them from the menu.¥SimpleImage now dynamically numbers copies of the same window, whether they're created by choosing "Duplicate Window" or by zooming an image.¥SimpleImage now correctly identifies files in an unopenable format that have been assigned the wrong file type.¥SimpleImage can now optionally apply a file's label to its icon in the Window and Reopen menus. (Mac OS 8 only.)¥Memory-handling has been improved.¥The animated rectangles are now disablable, and 'disablable' is a perfectly cromulent word.Changes in 1.0.2 (17 JUL 98)¥MIDI movies now display correctly.¥You can now zoom a window to its maximum size by shift-clicking its zoom box.¥Clipping files made by dragging selections to the Finder now show the name of the file under Mac OS 8.¥SimpleImage no longer changes file types by default¥Duplicating a movie window now works better.¥Fixed a bug which could cause the filename to overprint the image when printing small images.¥PNG files are now assigned the correct icon.¥Various minor cosmetic improvements.Changes in 1.0.1 (3 JUL 98)¥Fixed a bug which could cause "Go To Poster Frame" to crash.¥Fixed a bug which could cause a movie to fail to be properly saved when replacing a movie of the same name.¥Fixed a bug which could cause the controller in the frontmost movie to remain selected when a new movie was opened by dragging.¥Fixed a bug which could cause SimpleImage to fail to report an error or remove an item from the Reopen menu when both the item and its parent folder were deleted.¥Collapsed windows now expand when resized. ¥"Select All" and "Select None" are now enabled when a movie is frontmost.