Registering SimpleImageSimpleImage is shareware. You’re free to use it for a few weeks or so, but if you decide you like SimpleImage and wish to keep using it, you must register it by paying a small shareware fee. Registering SimpleImage allows you to open more than 6 windows at once.PriceSingle user license (if you’re one person) — $20.Site license (if you’re a company) — $400.Covers all locations for your organization within a 160-kilometer (100-mile) radius of your site. One big advantage of a site license is that you do not need to keep track of how many people at your site are using the software. World-wide license (if you’re a humongous company) — $1600.Covers all locations for your organization on earth.How to RegisterRegistration of SimpleImage is handled through Kagi, a shareware payment processing service. You register by using the Register program bundled with SimpleImage to create an order form which you can then mail, e-mail, or fax to Kagi. If you’re paying by credit card, you can also register quickly and conveniently on the web athttp://order.kagi.com/?OMB&SIf your web browser doesn’t support secure connections, try this address instead:http://order.kagi.com/?OMBIf you’re using Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer you can also just double-click the “Register Online” document for your browser.Using the Register programOpen the Register program. If the Register program is missing, you can download a copy from <http://home.acadia.net/userpages/chriswd>. Enter your name, your e-mail address, and the number of single user licenses (or site or world-wide licenses) you wish to purchase. Save, copy or print the data from the Register program and send the data and payment to Kagi. How you send the order form and payment depends on what method of payment you choose.Paying by Credit Card or First VirtualIf you’re paying by credit card or First Virtual, you can e-mail or fax the data to Kagi. (See below for their e-mail address and fax number.) You can either copy the data from Register and paste into the body of an e-mail message or you can save the data to a file and attach the file to an e-mail message. (There’s no need to compress the data file since it’s already pretty small.) If you have a fax modem, just print the data to the Kagi fax number. Paying by cash or checkIf you’re paying by cash or USD check you should print the data using the Register application and send it to the postal address shown on the form. (Or see below for the address.)Please note: You can pay with a wide variety of cash from different countries but at present if you pay via check, it must be drawn in US Dollars. Kagi cannot accept checks drawn in other currencies.Paying via a purchasing departmentIf you have a purchasing department, you can enter all the data into the Register program and then select Invoice as your payment method. Print three copies of the form and send it to your accounts payable people. You might want to highlight the line that mentions that they must include a copy of the form with their payment. Kagi cannot invoice your company — you need to generate the invoice and handle all the paperwork on your end.Important NotesPlease do not fax or e-mail payment forms that indicate Cash, Check or Invoice as the payment method. It is of course impossible to send cash or checks by e-mail, and without payment the form cannot be processed.Payments sent via e-mail are processed within 3 to 4 days. You will receive an e-mail acknowledgment when it is processed. Payments sent via fax take up to 10 days and if you provide a correct internet e-mail address you will receive an e-mail acknowledgment.Payments send via postal mail take time to reach Kagi and then up to 10 days for processing. Again, if you include a correct e-mail address, you will hear from Kagi when the form is processed.If you do not have an e-mail address you must select the Postcard Receipt option so I can send you your registration code. Registration codes are transmitted only  via e-mail and paid postcard.  If you don’t have an e-mail address, enter your complete postal address and don’t forget to add the name of your country. If you live outside the US and you forget to indicate which country you live in, you may not receive your postcard receipt and registration code.Where to send the order form and payment:				  	e-mail:    sales@kagi.com     			   Fax:  	 +1 510 652-6589Postal address:    Kagi														     1442-A Walnut Street #392-OMB														     Berkeley, California 94709-1405															    USAEntering your registration codeOnce you register by paying the shareware fee and your registration has been processed, you will receive a registration code which must be typed into SimpleImage to let the program know that you have registered. Select “About SimpleImage” from the Apple menu and click the “Register” button. In the spaces provided, enter the name you registered under and the registration code you received. You must enter your name exactly as you entered it in the Register program. If you have trouble with the registration code, please contact the author at <ellipse@kagi.com> or <chriswd@acadia.net>.